Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Harmontown at the lovely Dynasty Theatre.
My name is Brandon Johnson. I'm sitting in for the lovely and beautiful Jeff Davis.
Please make some noise for him.
He's having throat surgery. We miss him.
Watch me fuck his job up.
Let me welcome to the stage Spencer Crittenden.
Dungeon Master, Game Master extraordinaire.
Ladies and gentlemen, it's air-conditioned in here. It's so much hotter wherever you are.
But it's super hot because tonight we've got Dan Harmon, the mayor of Harmontown.
Yeah, let him hear you.
Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you, Brandon Johnson, guest comptroller.
Yo, oh, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, rapping on the beat.
Literally on the beat.
I'm rapping on the beat.
My literariness can't be beat.
And my name is MC Street.
And I rap with some beats, a plate of them.
They're called beats.
Wrapping on the beat.
Wrapping from the street.
Can't be beat.
These beats per minute.
No, I mean, I chose to.
All right, yeah.
Thank you. Thank you, guys. Thank you.
Actually, it is kind of going to be a more of a musical night if we have, I mean, we, Jesus Christ, is it, is this Mike?
Steve Levy, ladies and gentlemen, Steve Levy.
Oh, God, it's a star pack tonight.
It probably will be a little bit of a musical night because I've been working out on Instagram live as you all know.
And I play a workout mix while I work out and I work out to the beat.
And Instagram started doing this Instagram TV thing.
Because of what you were doing?
Probably.
Yeah.
And also, so I think that kicked in like a new higher wave of copyright detection or something.
So my workouts, when I work out alone and the trainer's not there, like talking over stuff.
And I find I've done enough experimenting, I think, to realize that it's like right around the Foo Fighters, like some AI thing gets triggered.
And it shuts off and it like suspends my Instagram feed.
So I thought, you know, well, I mean,
is it because dudes will bootleg music based off your workout?
Because that's what people do.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I imagine it's just like what's fair and loving war and copyright infringement.
It's like technology started allowing us to steal music really quickly and there was nothing anybody could do about it.
Metallica wanted MP3s to be illegal.
We laughed at him and we call him Metallica.
And it was like, oh, old man, don't you get it?
But it's 20, 30 years later and now it's actually kind of like the pendulum swinging back.
It's like, shit, I can't play Foo Fighters in the background at my party because the robots are like better able to recognize music.
That Shazam technology represents computers are able to pick up on a Cindy Lauper song on the background of a bar.
And I think that's what's happening is that they just, it must be certain bands because I always start with the Rocky theme and I guess nobody gives a fuck.
Like, I don't know if it's per song or like.
It's the type of music.
It's the type of music because you can still hip hop all day long.
Yeah, it's weird that Foo Fighters is, or it's not weird, I guess.
They're probably out of everything in my playlist.
I guess they're probably the most, like, I don't know what the adjective would be.
I'm sure you could trace it to like the label or something.
Like this label is really litigious or enforces it or something.
Well, anyways, like I'm not going to get mad and go fuck you, old man.
I'm entitled to steal your music.
Like if I'm broadcasting on an Instagram, that's it.
So I took the beats per minute of each of the workout songs and I'm starting.
I'm going to use GarageBand to make sound-alikes of the songs.
So you really, so you are really, really ripping off somebody's music.
Basically, I can't wait to hear your verse.
But not in a way that I think they would agree was costing them money.
Unless I was like, I really gave them full credit and was like, this is the Foo Fighters.
The Foo Fighters inspired this song.
And I just broadcast that and then their lawyer calls and goes like, please just use the song.
Use the regular song.
No, I love the Foo Fighters.
I want to help.
I'm Justin Roiland.
This is Rob Schrab's impression of Justin Roiland.
It's the only one that I do.
It's the only impression of Justin Roiland I have.
It's Rob Schrab's.
Yeah, so I don't know.
Let's see.
So according to Levy, if I just hit this and then that and then Air Server.
Okay, yeah.
Am I not supposed to say that out loud?
Now everyone can probably.
You definitely should have said that out loud.
It just makes sense.
It's good.
Oh, look at this new technology.
But y'all can't bail me out of jail.
Okay.
But don't play the video because I get nervous because I didn't like scrub my iPad for porn.
If you cannot play the video from my thing.
But I usually start with X going to give it to you.
I start with the Rocky theme, which again, I think is like, it's just how I start and it's not getting shut off.
So this is, this is, I mean, I just got the beats per minute, you know, and let's see.
Are you, is it playing?
No.
They should be able to hear you.
Now, is this your version of X going to give it to you?
Yeah.
I can't fucking believe I just said gonna.
I did the right beats per minute.
X gonna give it to you.
Oh, wait.
Is it so you guys aren't able to air play it?
I could just do it on the speakers on the device.
Yeah, that might work.
It's probably going to work mostly.
That's the thing is if I can, that we can get the runtime for X going to give it to you.
Oh, let me.
Sorry.
I know it's a, it's below your pay grade.
This is a great.
If you get the runtime, then we can, we can tonight we can record in time for my workout tomorrow.
Well, let's do it.
That sounds like a good angle.
I'm sure everyone's, they're like, oh, great.
Well, they're already here.
It really came for the right show.
So, so surprised that no one in the audience just yelled it out.
No, I like that.
I mean, it would have been useful now, but on the whole, it would have been terrible if they did that.
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
You thinking it doesn't sound like X can give it to you.
Well, it's just like, it's not supposed to sound that much like it.
You know, it doesn't want to be.
And you're like, where are those horns?
I got 336.
I have like the synth horns.
Is it supposed to not sound like it?
Because it's amazing at that.
Don't get it twisted.
This rap shit is hard.
Yo, X giving it to you.
He's about pretty sure he's taking it back.
Yo, I'm a dog in heat.
Yo, everybody on the street wants some money from me.
You can't have it.
I worked hard for it.
What you gonna say when someone works this hard for money?
Give you some?
No.
You don't get any.
I get it all.
You want to talk to somebody?
Talk to my tears.
Okay.
Well, we can do the rest with our guests.
DMX is gonna fuck us up for that.
No.
Yeah, he's gonna find out.
You don't think it sounds that much like it.
He is going to fuck us up.
I tried to make it sound different.
I couldn't tell the difference between you and him.
It's incredible.
You know what's really funny?
My dog, Harvey, he barks at cartoon dogs on the TV
and Danny DeVito.
I swear to God.
When I play the X, it's gonna give it to you.
It starts.
There's a beat.
He goes, rough, rough.
Harvey goes, rough, rough.
DMX would be so stoked about that, right?
He'd be like, I fooled a dog?
He's into dogs.
That would be like if you told Batman that a bat
tried to fuck his bat suit.
If Batman came home and Alfred was like,
a spot of bother, sir.
Well, you were gone.
I'm just cleaning the guano of the shoulder pads
of your Mott 2 battle armor.
Why is that, Alfred?
Why?
Sir, you don't have to speak to me in that affected gravel.
Why, Alfred?
What's going on?
That's the real voice.
Well, it appears a male bat mistook your suit
for a female bat.
Well, I don't see gender, so that's awesome.
He'd be stoked because he's like, Alfred,
don't you see what this means?
Yeah.
You know, the ancient Greek scientist
and artist, Dedalus,
one of his highest accomplishments
that he would brag about the most is that
he once made a statue of Hercules so realistic
that Hercules threw a rock at it.
Because that is what you do if you saw you.
It's like such a perfect carryover to celebrity
and cinematic culture.
Dedalus is the screenwriter, and he's like,
yeah, you know what?
I made Sylvester Stallone have a fucking heart attack.
My story.
Just having nothing but contempt for these people
that look better than you.
I came out here to puppet them.
You made a little video over the weekend?
I did?
Did you?
Or was that further back?
That video?
Oh, you mean the thing with Schrab?
Yeah.
That was a beauty.
Did you guys get to see that?
You really own Schrab.
I don't want to punish you for experimentation.
Yeah, you know, the two of us.
Maybe that would be great.
I saw like 20 likes.
I figured some of those people.
Let's bring out our friend, our old friend,
our young but old friend, Mr. Andy Kindler.
Andy Kindler!
I don't want to make too much, I don't want to make a feel.
Make recognition of someone I don't know.
That's a classic.
This is scary.
What do you, Mike Douglas?
Do you know what I mean with the tall stools?
Or what am I trying to say?
Mike Douglas, what is this?
The Mike Douglas show?
Right, John Lennon?
You got it.
My favorite line of all time, like you in the midst of a,
of a, of a, what am I, spiral?
And you're like, what am I the, what am I guy?
Who am I the where, who am I the guy who says what am I?
What am I, what am I, what am I this guy?
This guy knows what I'm talking about that lady.
She doesn't know what I'm talking about.
The president's hearing in the back is wishing he was in the front
and the Catholic guy is starting up the scooter.
This is kind of Rickle's life.
How do you drink this?
No, but where is, I mean, it's like, even when I do stand up,
they have like a nice stool.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, you know what?
We do need little tables, don't we?
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
I don't care.
People, yes, babies aren't getting ripped from their mothers.
I don't have a place to put my goddamn drink.
I'm not saying one's worse.
I like when cable news is.
We're just talking about things we hate.
Right.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Well, isn't it really the Democrats that made it impossible
for you to put your drink down?
Wasn't this show just carrying through the rules?
I won't say, I always say Democrat Party
because I'm, Frank Luntz said it was a good tactic.
You know they say that all the time?
No.
They're like, they're so evil and their programs so evil
that they just accept these things and they won't say
the Democratic Party.
They only will say the Democrat Party
because Democratic Party would make it sound
as if they're Democratic.
I see.
But Democrat Party, it doesn't even work really as a propaganda
but it works to signal that you are like a horrible human being.
It's preemptive propaganda.
It's not like they believed that the calling it Democratic
was actually gaining any ground,
but they're just like spraying a little ant poison
like in that area just to keep a line from...
But Frank Luntz did though.
He thought it was...
I'm a little raspy tonight.
It's not not doing...
I work as a Rod Stewart impersonator normally.
Tonight, tonight.
I can't do the whole thing.
Everything's alright.
Did you see that he finally broke his silence
on the whole urban legend
when you hear the words Rod Stewart?
What's the first thing you think of if you're over?
I know.
I don't listen to...
I wish I could get the eight rumors I know out of my head.
I mean, I know they're true things.
Well, they're not.
Oh, not that one.
Not that one.
Not that one, but there's a couple of them
like Chuck Berry.
I don't even want to get into it.
There's things I've heard that I wish I could unhear.
But they said that Rod Stewart...
Oh, I'm the bad guy
because some people are into fetishes
and I'm not saying he was.
No, he didn't.
He did.
He did have to go to the hospital.
No, he didn't.
He did.
No, Rod Stewart.
That sounds...
He had to go to the hospital, yeah.
He had to have his.
He did have to have his.
He was really sad.
He had to go to the hospital at one time, yes.
He had various operations.
I didn't when I had my appendix out.
So nobody started a story about gerbils
based on that.
And when I say gerbils, I really mean gerbils.
Think about it.
There was this urban legend
that Rod Stewart went into a bar one night
and he hung out with the Navy
and then the next night at his concert
he fainted on stage
and they rushed him to the hospital
and they pumped...
And then the numbers get really specific
about the number of quarts
or ounces of semen or urine
that they pumped out of his stomach.
It collapsed from being too full of semen.
Everyone knows this.
And it was like this really enduring rumor
because there was no internet at one time.
Because it was true.
So you got all your news
for your babysitter
while they were washing their Camaro.
That was the only way
you got any information about the world.
That was the internet
and it was like,
Rod Stewart's song would come on.
Take a...
Take a chance, baby.
What song is that?
I don't want to infringe on anything.
I made up...
Come on down and take a chance.
Come down, baby.
Rod Stewart sounded song on you.
You sound like Bob Seeger.
You're doing a Bob Seeger.
Bob Seeger, shake down, take down.
Everybody wants a walk of life.
Shake down, take down.
Hook up your busted.
Well, well.
Shake Down Street.
I just like the idea that
two to three quarts of semen
is a medical emergency.
It is.
It's enough to make you collapse.
It's not just like...
You don't want to lay down.
Like, you need to go to the hospital.
That's right.
That's how...
In the middle of a concert.
Wake up, Maggie.
I'm going...
Oh, no.
I'm sorry.
I'm not feeling well.
Sorry, blokes.
From all the quarts of semen I ate.
Semen that I'm supposed to lay down.
I got to lay down.
Consumed.
How do you even consume semen?
I've tried.
So he eventually...
He couldn't get it on a fork.
He kind of...
That was me doing a gay homophobic kind of joke.
Like, hey, I'm gay?
That was a shock.
He let the rumor float for a long time.
Did he?
Well, because he didn't touch it.
He didn't dignify it.
Yeah, exactly.
He didn't want to dignify it.
He was classy.
Rod Stewart about it.
And then, like, I think maybe because the guy that started that rumor died, I think.
Oh, so we know Rod Stewart.
No of too much semen.
Yeah.
He finally addressed it in an interview.
He said, look, the guy that started that rumor was my publicist.
Wow.
And he got...
It was his publicist?
Yeah.
And then he got off at me because I fired him for really pervy, creepy reasons.
Like, he had, like, sex with a groupie in a room that Rod Stewart's underage daughter
was sleeping in, in a hotel room.
And he found out about it and fired the guy.
I was like, you don't do that in a room where my daughter's sleeping.
And the guy...
And then Rod Stewart was, like, really cool about it going, like, yeah.
And then he...
That was his way of getting back at me.
And you got to admit, he was good at his job.
He's kind of PR guy.
Like, I'm famous for drinking two quarts of semen.
I got to eat platinum albums.
Like, one thing I did that everyone knows is I drink two quarts of semen.
He's a fucking genius.
Well, you know, that I would...
Here's the thing.
I would never commit suicide, but if...
If real people really thought of me, every time they thought of me, that's the guy who drank the semen.
I would put a bullet in my head.
I know.
I can't believe any of these people live after these rumors.
That's a guy's confidence.
It's amazing that somebody's...
That's inspiring that he would be that confident enough to just be like,
Oh, what are you doing, love?
I'm reading the paper, governor.
Oh, baby, don't be a piffler.
Pushwind me some ways, cotton.
Give me a taste.
Well, let me wet my beak of the news, love.
Oh, well, you know, I don't know if you want to hear all the news today.
Cheeky Robbie, baby.
Oh, come on, love.
Are you doing British people?
Yeah, it's a British couple in their flat, which a flat could be anything.
You must be like...
Like putting in flat means eight times more than...
It's a cockney thing, right?
Give us some news then, love.
Be a bird.
Jesus.
Oh, well, if you...
Be a bird?
Yeah.
It says you drank two quarts of semen last night.
I changed her into...
She's just...
I don't know.
She turned into Harley Quinn.
It says you drank two quarts of semen, Mr. S.
She was Edith from all the family.
Stop by.
And then Rod Stewart's response was, huh?
How many is that, just in the post?
Or is that...
Now it's Montana Gazette.
It's everywhere.
It seems you're famous for one thing, drinking two quarts of semen.
Well, I'm gonna go golf.
I would like to update about the suicide thing.
I wouldn't commit suicide if maybe I was Rod Stewart
and had that kind of self-esteem.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, but don't we draw from this, if we want to become Rod Stewart,
we gotta imagine ourselves as people so strong
that you could say we drank two quarts of semen
and we wouldn't even fucking blink.
We'd just be like, when's my next tour?
Give me out there again.
I'll drink three quarts.
I don't think...
I did it once.
You're not gonna see that turn up at any triathlons
any time soon as part of a...
I don't know, was it doing a joke?
Swim a river, then you drink semen,
and then you run.
I'm not blue.
The subject was blue.
Yeah, the subject is a dirty subject.
It's a filthy subject.
Andy's happy to work clean.
I work a T-end TV clean.
Plus, I mean, nobody's working.
What do you think made him finally...
decide and where did you see it?
It was in an interview.
It was just like a...
I want to say a Vanity Fair or a Rolling Stone.
I don't know. Sorry.
I hope it wasn't arreals.
Like arreals.
I hope so.
Doc, have you seen arreals?
I watch Nothing but True Crime.
Don't worry about it.
I'm not committing true crimes.
I have OCD, so I think I might.
Did I commit?
Do you know that I lived...
I lived in Citrus Heights.
I worked as a comedian in Citrus Heights
at the same time period
with the Golden State Killer, you know, right?
Did I help them and I don't remember?
Did I...
You know how when you're young,
something sounds like a good idea.
But then you get there.
You're not sure if you...
Or worse, did I get amnesia
like a 70s TV show
and I don't remember.
You know what's something they say, Andrew?
You know what I'm trying to...
You know what's something...
I was thinking about this today.
Here's a myth I would like to...
Well, maybe it's not a myth,
but it's just like when something is so accepted as true,
like sometimes you just want to be the person
to disrupt it, question a little bit.
Like this thing is just like...
No matter what kind of parent you are,
if your child dies,
like the one thing that every parent knows to do,
like there are some parents
who go to the airport and shoot the guy
that killed their kid.
Why the airport?
And be like, I don't fucking care.
You do it. You do it.
Why the airport?
I was thinking too.
Because he's being flown back in
because of extradition laws.
Because he killed your kid and went to Brazil.
Not trying to get away.
Why do you have to go all the way to LAX
when you could just go to the courtroom?
Then there's parents who will go to death row
and visit the killer
and petition to have the killer not on death row,
because they'll be like, look, I'm a Christian.
That's a courtroom.
You have to petition in a courtroom.
That is a good aspect of it.
No, there's also some people who will go
and visit with the killer of their loved one
in prison while they're there to talk with them.
They don't say like that.
They don't say, I'm going to see the killer of my loved one.
You make it sound like it's a romance novel.
All these fucked up things.
You weren't mincing words.
Here's my point.
You were chopping and dicing them.
There's a lot of different ways
to deal with your kid getting killed.
Here's the one thing that everyone agrees on.
The what pill?
What?
You say ginseng?
The ginseng pill?
Yeah, what's the pill?
Here's the one thing that everyone agrees on.
They all say when they go, you know,
the one thing you're not supposed to do
is bury your kid.
Everyone agrees on that.
Okay, so can we just hack that a little bit?
Like, just be like, I mean, you don't want your kid to die,
but if your kid does die,
in a strictly Darwinian sense,
aren't you killing it?
Like, aren't you like, like, should,
like, could one person just like be at the funeral
and be like, hey, check it out,
burying my kid over here.
I'm fucking winning.
Like, I'm so good at life.
I'm fucking shooting dead things out of me.
Like, I'm a fucking god over here.
Why is the guy excited now?
Because he's excited for the one reason
no one's ever excited.
I'm just saying like...
Because he's burying his kid.
That makes you look super guilty.
Right, but that makes you generate,
you failed because you were supposed
to make that person live to, like, give birth.
And so you couldn't do that, right?
Isn't that, like, worse?
Well, yeah, but do you think frogs feel that way?
Frogs don't feel that way.
Is this what playing Dungeons & Dragons is like?
We're getting close.
We're kind of skimming the edge.
I didn't say it would be a...
I didn't say it would be a popular new craze
that we should all run out and do.
I'm just kind of saying, like, if you,
you know, there are people like MIT people
that invent, like, robot bugs and stuff,
and they go, you know, what I like to do
is I like to notice what everyone's assuming
and then disrupt that assumption.
Like, you never know.
A lot of those things shouldn't be disrupted.
I think we found one.
Not catching on, the idea of bragging
about outliving your children.
It's an untapped market.
Also, what is the use,
what is the application of saying
about outliving your children?
How does that help you?
I totally forgot what I was saying.
This isn't happening to me.
I'm on Prozac.
I'm on Adderall during the day.
I'm on Prozac at night.
But recently, it may have to do with the vape pot.
Oh, yeah, maybe.
I think you're going to say, recently,
I just woke up on a pile of Skittles.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Yeah.
So does anybody, and now I paid someone $50.
Does anybody remember what I just said?
Because I don't remember.
To answer the question, like, what would be the application,
imagine that you're a 60-year-old woman?
I can imagine it as a man.
First of all, that's his backwards way
of telling people how old I am.
Look, I know how this guy works.
I've seen these guy guys.
He shocks my whole life.
Now, Andy, if you were, let's say you were a 60-year-old woman,
what the fuck are you saying to me?
I'm a 60-year-old man.
Now, here's the thing.
Not only that, I wish I was 60.
Not only that, you're making this like,
I know what you're doing here.
Five years from now, this is as an older person.
I won't be able to handle this.
I'll put this down here.
I'll go forward.
Yeah, I don't know if I could...
I don't know that I could use that table now.
You couldn't remember what I was saying, though, right?
If you had to pay.
How important could it have been?
I've been with you every step of the way.
But you wouldn't be able to remember it, right?
Not tomorrow.
Well, I mean, now, I mean, like, play with it.
What do you think?
What did I say?
God bless.
Was it spirituality-based?
I think it was about...
Was it killing people?
I'm saying, though, you wanted to know
what would be the practical application
of outliving your kids and bragging about it.
Yeah, but I had a joke.
I had a joke about it.
And now I can't remember the joke.
So it can't be any possible point
I could make with that setup.
It would have to be a joke.
Imagine being a 60-year-old woman, I'm saying.
Will you stop pointing out to the fact
that I am indeed the same age range
as the character you're talking about,
except my cis gender is male?
I don't know what I'm saying.
And I am a 60-year-old man,
and I'm down at the other end of the honky-tonk,
and then you get handed a drink,
and the bartender says,
that's on the gentleman down there.
He wants you to know he's so virile
that he outlives his children.
I would say, you know what I'd say?
Oh, what a jokester.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you look down and I'm like raising my glass,
tipping my cowboy hat.
And then it's good for one lion dancing.
I get to know you over a shimmy-timmy.
I remember the line.
Andy, I remember the line.
What I meant to say was,
the fact that you go out living your kid
is the worst thing.
So that's not great to do it when someone dies.
You say to them, hey,
at least you're not one of those
out-living-your-kids situations, right?
It's just your wife.
Okay, you go, someone's wife dies, right?
So sorry you hear about Esther would be a Jew woman.
So sorry you hear that Esther passed away.
At least you're not out-living-your-kids, am I right?
Yeah, that's the worst.
Look at the bright side!
Yeah, it didn't Esther like the true crime shows?
And didn't they always say on those shows
you should never outlive your kids?
Right, so she's nailing it.
No more nagging, am I right fellas?
From Esther.
These are two guys bonding.
I don't know if it's Esther, your wife?
Yeah.
Why is one, two, three, four this guy's password?
Mr. Big Shot.
Mr. I have the greatest password in the business.
Okay, the second song on my workout playlist
is Van Halen's Jump.
Oh no.
This is Van Halen's Jump,
but it's my, I cannot be sued.
Are there words?
No, I'll provide them if you want.
I thought maybe...
Could you two jump-inspired lyrics?
Yeah!
Jump, jump, jump!
Van Halen jump!
Jump up in the air!
Who's that?
What's that?
Who said that?
I did!
Yo!
You gotta jump again!
Who's talking to me?
Jump!
Ow!
Here, now, if not a dude!
Something's up, dude, I'm doing it!
Ow!
I'm having fun!
Jump!
Now!
You gotta jump all over!
Opportunities to jump!
Get off the ground with both feet
at the same time if you can.
You've avoided catchy.
You've avoided catchy the whole time.
You know what I'm saying?
So far, nothing's been catchy.
We, you are gonna get sued.
You're gonna get sued by Van Halen.
Don't you know we gotta go again?
You gotta get that show.
No, that's Panama.
You know what?
It's Van Halen's fault that I can't remember any part of jump.
You just go fair use, fair use, fair use.
That was weak.
I'm very sorry about it.
Yeah, that was pretty close.
You might want to change a couple more things about it.
Yeah.
You might as well jump.
That's how I hear that advice.
Why aren't you jumping so much?
I turned everything into a Jewish song.
I'm gonna make a million dollars one day
with my Jewish versions of pop songs.
Here's journeys any way you want it.
Oh, alright.
It sounds kind of similar to the last song.
More monotone.
If you want it, you're gonna get it
and the way you're gonna receive it
is the way that you want it
because that's how I give it.
Hey, I heard you wanted something.
Maybe I could be of service.
Hey.
How badly do you want it?
I'm gonna give it to you
but the way in which I give it to you
is of most note.
Most note.
Because the way I'm gonna give it to you
is the way you chose.
Chose.
Talking about any way you want it.
That's the way you get it.
Any way you want it.
Don't get too close now.
I think that's the police.
Any way you want it.
Okay.
That's racist, dude.
Not all.
Alright.
If you want it, deliver it.
If you want to take out
any way you want it.
No pickles, onion.
No problem.
I'm always thinking about something commercial.
Cash in.
That's what I've said to you many times.
Harmon. Harmon.
I'm gonna start calling you Harmon.
How's it going on?
I left Twitter. How's it going on Twitter?
Well, I don't make eye contact anymore.
That's my new thing.
Ever since I've been on Twitter,
I'm afraid I'll see someone from Twitter.
Hey, I'm razor blade and apple, Andy.
You blocked me seven years ago
after I said I was gonna come over and stab you.
Why did you do that?
You knew it was a joke, right?
Right.
Oh, no, I didn't know.
Stab, stab, stab, the end of the story.
That's why it's gonna go one day.
That's the way it's gonna go.
I've decided that I don't even, you know,
and I'm not gonna shake my cane at anybody.
I got what I wanted. I don't care.
But, like, I just, I just, I don't,
I scratch my, the front lawn of my head with a tiny cane
that I'm technically shaking
because I'm scratching my head with it.
It's a little, it's splitting the difference
when you're shaking my cane at the youth
and I just, like, also just being acquiescent.
I'm, like, shaking a cane to scratch my head.
A tiny cane.
Or cocktail umbrella, something like that.
Like, why don't, what, wait, wait,
how is blocking you, me, doing something to you?
Like, when in real life,
that's all you can ever fucking do to somebody
that you don't like and still be civil,
is, like, stop, not talk to them
and not wanna hear their bullshit and walk away.
Like, how is that not applied to the fucking Internet
where everyone is hanging out together?
Like, and you go, and then they go,
I got blocked, I got blocked by Harrison Ford.
He blocked me.
For what, what did you say?
Oh, I fucking, I said, fucking shoot back,
this sucks your dick.
And he blocked me.
You can't block me.
Like, I say, like, the reaction to getting blocked
is like, is like, is like someone stun baton'd you.
Like, like, like Harrison Ford
and told, like, like, like tased you by,
well, he didn't, he blocked you.
He did exactly what Harrison Ford was supposed to do.
Like, how is it a plane to a plane in an airport?
Type of thing.
Do you think?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, I love that word.
He's had nine accidents.
Is he going to jail?
That's all I care about.
And is Phil Spector still in jail?
And what's the deal with Robert Blake?
Is he out, in, out, in, out, in, out, in,
Vitellos.
What happened with, Robert Blake got,
he, he was acquitted, wasn't he?
Was he acquitted?
Or did he?
He was acquitted.
He's in prison.
This is why he's Kennedy.
I remember the last predict,
an interesting thing I said.
And now you're going to ask him this.
I think Robert Blake, I, I, I, did you,
do you watch Vanity Fair Confidential?
Okay, so here's the thing.
We're, we're talking about something now.
There were very, I watch investigation discovery
as if you should check into me
and see what I've got planned.
You know what I'm saying?
Why is he watching so much?
I should be, I should be concerned.
How could I pour?
Yeah.
Best way to poison random people near you.
Stuff like that.
So investigation discovery,
most of the shows are very, very good.
But then some of the shows are on these other things
like the reels is really like cheesy or people.
So how did you,
I think the Vanity Fair is pretty good.
Vanity Fair Confidential is pretty good.
Is that long-winded for nothing?
Well, just a little sample of my act.
Hi, can, can, can, can you,
like I don't, I don't get a lot of response
from these folks about this,
but I think people think I'm the weirdo
for mounting this campaign.
Why, why do we accept
forensically the word panties?
Like why, why is it that when women's
or especially little girls
underwear are found at crime scenes,
we have to call them panties.
Well, how is that scientific?
Like, like they're underwear.
Like, like, like, you know, it's just like,
why, why do we,
why do you have to switch to that word?
Dr. Henry Lee, I love him,
but he says panties in that thick,
like forensic accent.
He's like, oh, see me staying on panty.
And, and, and, and it's like,
stop saying panties.
Stop it.
But does he do singular though?
Yeah, he does.
He's singular.
It's creepy.
As you see, there's blood on her pant.
I was going to do a, do a joke
about how I like to wear the panties
and I realized, don't go, don't do that.
Yeah, I mean, it shouldn't be a joke.
You should be supported for that.
I went on a CSI audition.
I went on a CSI audition, one of the most embarrassing.
I'm not bragging like, oh,
Mr. One Hour.
Uh-huh.
It's Mr.
I don't want to brag, but I've got,
I got a call back.
And here's me on,
here's me on audition.
Hi, I get it. You don't think I can act.
I get it.
It's funny because the part is like,
No, it's just, I don't believe I can act when I go on an audition.
Well, then when I say I get it, you don't think I can act.
Well, no, that's after this post audition.
It's like, or I do, hey, come on.
I'm saying something funny now.
Can't you just accept that when we'll start,
I'll be funny. Trust me.
Yeah. And they're like, well, it's a,
it's a CSI show. We don't want you to be too funny.
We don't want you to be like,
just erupt the genre.
So I'm, this is the most
embarrassing story, but it really shouldn't be embarrassing.
This was a,
a part where a guy
on CSI,
Miami may be something, he likes
to collect used
women's panties. This is the part I was going out
for.
Because I was trying. Yeah, you got to give it a shot, Andy.
Can't be,
under keep your light under a bushel I love that expression jeff davis says
that a lot don't keep that light under a bushel I love that expression so I
hated I hated the guy who would want to collect women's panties I hated it's not
like oh you have to fall in love with the guy to play it so this is an actual
true story the audition before me I hear for a different part I hear is if the
guy has broken the wall he's a bow I actually texted my my agent I said
what is that sound and he says oh thank you that's the sound of someone getting
apart Andy that's what it is so so he's right so I go in there because because
the because the character that's committed panties is supposed to kick in a
door I want your panties no that was hey come on don't pretend you don't know
that they're looking for seven people that day dad okay different characters
different care I was at the end the beginning of the creepy you're really
yeah you're you're in the finals because like you know you're not in like a
cattle call for the pedophile right you're like you're like the pedophile
they're seeing next after they see the cop as they see the cop right okay and
then I go in there and I just like oh I really like them panties or whatever
he's so fucking lazy your guy is so lazy look at me they look at me after it like
with a disgusted look I swear I feel like I didn't fucking write this thing you
wrote you wrote the sick you wrote the sick character and you're looking at me
oh this guy's all weird seems to seems a little too comfortable with his liking
to collect woman's that's how I'd never get that part right because I would be
so afraid to nail it that's what I was I wouldn't relax I'd be like give me some
of those panties and they were like why don't you stop putting so much cinnamon
on it well what do you want me to say let me see those panties and they'd be
like oh you're hired oh you're hired and then the next day if I can vice
headline would be like too close to the bone Harmon knocks it out of the petal
park with his performance on CSI London you never want to see that headline you
never want to see the line again I like those panties and stuff yeah I like
them panties I didn't kill Schminpel it's always it's like the inverse red
shirt guy in the sex crime episode like there's always the guy they catch first
who like lives in a boiler room and has a shoebox full of like socks and so the
public is like and then he always turns out to not be the kill the actual killer
the actual killer is like ripped from the headlines it's like a congressman or
something he's the mislead there yeah the red herring like I'm starting to pick
that up when I watch a million hours of the I can't watch politics anymore
because I hate Trump so much so I just watch hours and hours and hours of these
case files that's what I do too what do you think it is what is it about true
crime well I have OCD and I'm pleased please withhold your sympathy yeah usually
you're shocked no please you have stuff so you you don't you have everything I
have severe well I can't get anyone to be upset about my oh yeah they think it's
like a a schick the Jewish comics do they don't even know like it's like when
you say oh I can't smoke weed I get paranoid like they don't even they're
like what do you mean like you think aliens are after you you'll find out
what paranoia everybody everybody will have just ruin weed for an entire
generation good they're still not gonna listen I didn't I'm just saying like it
sounds like gibberish some of the stuff that you say when you're past 40 like I
can't think of other stuff hot diggity hot diggity learn there are things that
are you got a hot diggity 23 skidoo yeah I never knew what that meant and now I
looked it up and you know what it means no it's how it's exactly why my parents
left my grandparents left Eastern Europe it means get out while the getting is
good oh really they were leaving the Nazis read a goddamn book I'm a Jew is it
is it the 1923 skidoo is that it's what I thought that's what I thought but it
was more like a routine thing it was like it's like two threes could do like
like like like okay the couch not that hot do do do like is it 20 23 seconds into
your act if you haven't gotten a laugh like just like fucking skidoo I always
thought it was I always did think it was 1923 skidoo because I'm very simple
minded but I'm not exactly I wouldn't call myself bright that face hey who
wants to play a parlor game no I'm not gonna win your fucking parlor game I'll
be at best the middle of the pack or just that's exactly what we want no I'll
go you don't want you to win we don't want to win what are you Sean Hayes
don't they have the game night right I don't even know what I'm saying it's
probably a wonderful show this is the new me look you know I don't like what
you're doing but keep doing it I started watching that game night movie
because I heard multiple times oh it's pretty good like like that kind of
surprised little that's pretty good and I was like alright I'll watch a pretty
good thing because it sounds like there's some reason why it shouldn't be good
it intrigues me otherwise I don't watch like comedies and stuff but I can't I
shut it off I apologize I'm sorry you're in the audience you wrote the movie you
directed it whatever thanks a lot I just I oh my where's my car it seemed to have
like a Miller light commercial tone to it like it just felt like people were
kind of over the over the tippy I like my comedy grounded
hey I just realized after how long it been out here that I could put the drink
over here and they say they say I don't have they say I'm not I don't have an
Einstein vibe Einstein came up with the theory of relativity but he was unable
to come up with the unified the field theory nice going Einstein okay the next
song in my workout is back's dreams back's dreams we tried that is this
part of the sketch is this part of the sketch using airplay you may notice a
delay okay these are like Kanye castaways so you recognize this is
back's dreams yeah I don't know it's one this doesn't sound very much like dreams
well I think it just kind of the speakers like don't really not a fan of it could
I could I just try it without the airplay I don't want to get anybody fired
but turn that part turn that part back everyone fired oh we didn't hear those
drums at all huh so tiny little drummer in a box maybe it was like mono yeah see
that now you recognize it it's back yeah by back well this is clearly just the
song come on I love your dreams dreamin all the night I am back and you will
see come on baby live in my dreams well I've got a special bed for you but you
don't need one because you're in a dream it's really a bed for me so I can be
with you in my dreams it's a special bad boom boom yeah no very inspirational
special bad going to help me dream there I'm in sound there I'm in sound there I'm
in sound well you know it's it's it's it's more original music than you usually
get in an episode I don't know you do a lot of the rippity raps you pretty much
and plus you know Zach Zach drops out you know that provides us with beats you
know rap it's from the streets and that's cool but sometimes I need to get up
there and stretch my wings and be a musician have you tried I've been working
on the railroad type things where you you don't have to pay for the rights and
then you just I've been working on the railroad all the live long they just
I've been working on the railroad just to pass the time Kimmer mash-up can't you hear the whistle blow your horn dying again get a room
dino won't you blow dino won't you blow your and because every song back in those days Kimber
mash-up mash-up yeah I like thank you I like that and then I wrote high-quality
crowd on the fence like that this old man he played one he played Nick Knack on
my drum everybody Andy what do you what do you think what do you think is the
first like aside from the stuff that's already happened what do you think is
the gonna be the the what's the big sign you're waiting for dreading that really
for real the worst parts of you are right about everything this is it the
country is sliding into a fascist nightmare what's the what's the real
fucking like Rubicon that I would say if he says tomorrow be crystal not just
out and says that's how stupid he is right and then I'll say later it's the
dress no collusion with crystal not I did not tell people to break the windows
there's no proof of that the fake news needs to jump all over my use of the
word crystal knocked to try to take away from their disastrous ratings
watching each other what what a bunch of losers I will get the Jews to pay for
the camps that's from my it's from my it's from my act that's from my act I
apologize that's prepared material you you people about where I'm better than
that I'm better than that prepare material I think I'm worried now and I
actually think but I like I like dream about Muller every night I just love
Muller and it's like I just think Muller's gonna save the day I I have
predicted for a long time I've been wrong so often that what people don't
even return my calls anymore I think by the end of summer he's going to be out
of office because he will resign isn't my nightmare is that the Muller will the
panel will release its findings there will obviously be a criminal finding of
some kind right it by old definitions by Nixonian definitions that there will be
massive malfeasance to a tantamount possibly even to international
criminology certainly money laundering dirty money terrible things but that my
fear is that that's just gonna kick off the we're with the nations now been
divided down the middle on on one side you kind of it used to be like they're
a freak fringe whether the people are like Sandy Hook well okay don't try to
get me in a corner that it's probably fake and it's like the they shook the
hands with the devil at that point like but we always thought that was like five
percent of the country well now it's like oh what if you slice this loaf of
bread right down the middle and it was like half and half and like it seems
like half of the country is like gonna go Muller's gonna go so as you can see
from these photos of him stealing money out of a safe with Abe Lincoln's head on
it yeah and handing it to a man a Russian man dressed like
snidely whiplash and exchanging like hand jobs with him and then coming on to
an 11 year old couch to rot stew and and and everyone's just gonna go fake news
and there's a chance that's gonna happen but what I think is gonna happen is I
believe every single thing that they have said about him is true like
absolutely he had whatever that thing with the p-tapes are it happened but
what is bodyguard has already said oh they invited they said we're gonna send
women up there but what part of that have we gotten the impression would
actually flip anybody no because if you see I'm saying if on the same day here's
the p-tape here's that got all his money from the Russians here's the one he
paid for 12 abortions here's what I mean it's like I think the stuff we know
about him is the good stuff you know I'm saying that was supposed to like a joke
like he's so terrible and you think you see you're you think it is possible that
there'll just be such a mountain of that it's a it's still a matter of scale
that we haven't crossed this tipping but I feel like I'm through the looking
glass where it's not it doesn't nothing matter you might be right and I'm like I
say look at my track record horrible yeah I didn't think he was gonna win but
anyways yeah I was just curious but you know what so far with Trump I've been
pleasantly surprised what is yours Dan do you have one do do I have a moment
like a moment that I'm dreading yeah yeah I'm dreading like any anything that
has anything to do with me being accountable like like anything where it's
like where I have to be that guy in the beginning of inglorious bastards who's
like has to choose between looking down at the floorboards and not like like
like like I have to like serve tea to a dude in a fucking ice vest who is like
there for someone that's like you know done great work on my mom trees or
something who is who I have said like who came to me in tears and was like I
don't we don't speak a lot but I'm fucking like I'm terrified and and I
was like well just fuck of course like hang out like I'll build a fake wall
I'll put some Rick and Morty art on it and are you saying you would have put up
the you would have put up the pranks well I'm assuming that I got into a
situation at this point where I had to choose between saying yes or no to
human life and would probably just whether or not I'm a good person that I
would just be that I tend to get into situations or I'd be like yeah I don't
want to be a piece of shit and then like and then yeah I'm worried about being
tested I'm worried about I'm worried about like seeing shit out my window or
the doorbell ringing and like like the rubber meaning any kind of road the road
being my the place where my spine should be well I think you have to have a
absolutely have to have a bookcase that swivels have to have that and I'm
trying to write this joke all day today I I got I thought she said get us safe
room but you guys say it said safe word now I'm out $20,000 but it puts it you
have to imagine me as a worm you know being into panties yeah yeah but I like
the panties whoa sure hey Spencer do you have a hey who doesn't this lady knows
I'm talking about hey they're used women panties what's not to like Spencer do
you have a moment of panic what oh yeah the Muller verdict is gonna come back
and then like they're gonna be like if you support the president don't enforce
the law and then they won't and that'll be the right stag moment and then that
will be the moment at which you know effectively civil war has begun or you
know suppression officials sanctioned oppression will start and then yeah I
don't know that that's gonna happen but I feel like that's gonna be the real
turning point because they're not gonna say oh no nothing happens I'm so
terrified of that happening but there's a part of my brain that wants the Muller
to find nothing that's how much of a coward have become like I just I just do
it because I don't even want to fucking dance anymore I want to tell you what
you gotta do folks I don't want to I don't want to depress you people is that
it will maybe we'll make it out of this where it's saying madman who as I've
said Trump is like if Hitler couldn't find Poland on a map right I have with
me I have enough for Dan so that's cyanide cyanide Andy you gotta get some
of them are mints Andy get off the deep web I keep telling you Andy Kindler will
not stay on the web it's gonna be a man you can't this guy is a deep web addict
yeah that's you Russian roulette right one of these one of these lozenges
could take cyanide that's just that's just mental
later I'm sorry I'm sorry about the overly Jewish thing because I can tell no
I know I was a little nervous there now I'm Polish mostly oh so same same Z's
really right so you are covered in a racer-sized like tags that fall off
over time hey I just want to say whoever said this was gonna be good led me
down the wrong way yeah it's all I'm already but hey there seems to be no
free lunch with sugar you know saying okay what do people say oh I have a
sprig of avocado in my water and oh I have a soda dispenser you're fooling
yourself yeah it doesn't or you're not like yeah they're lying they're lying
to other people and they're not fooling them so my friends of mine say they had
that sort of machine they love it and I started drinking these lacroix and I
got in the habit of it like and now that's what's in my fridge it's what's
better than water but it's not died my fridge isn't full of Diet Coke anymore
and it's right I formed a new habit Diet Coke is definitely I'm glad you dropped
that one it's kind of it's kind of like it's like you retrain your brain to
consider other dumb dumbers shit a treat like yeah it does kind of work like
it does it takes like two weeks or a month but it's like it's weird you feel
better yeah yeah I mean I feel better when I realize that I haven't had a
Diet Coke in a long time yeah I guess every time I go to guy I'm like well
I'm just basically drinking like whatever this is it's fucking mermaid water what
is that what is that shit is it just it's just seltzer right now it's a
bridge I'm a poos no it's not it's lemon but those that you'll see you start
with the lemon later you want to pump a moose it's never happened this
conversation I'm making up a person we're just gonna find out that that's bad
for you anyway you might as well wait until we find out that's bad for you oh
wait there's a prop 65 morning you have to be you'd have to be you'd have to be
60 years old I guess to laugh at that joke which would be like what is this
prop 13 something like that that's marijuana right prop 13 the prop 13
was the thing that reduced property taxes because old people had to pay a lot
of money for this would you pay this money for a thing I know I'm look I
peaked about a half hour ago I'm just trying to keep up it's hard to know when
the show is failing because you wonder like if you listen to any previous 300
episodes you're like why are they coming how do you know when you're doing a bad
one I just never am I alright almost done yeah well I have a I finally have a
podcast because people said Andy please 30 it's 30 years in try something do you
have I said do I have to do anything to make this moving forward anything yes
anything so I've tried I've been 60 of which is me and my friend you have a
podcast it's called it's called thought spiral I'm not plugging it please plug
it where is it what network is it on oh network no no we're not so fast but you
have to be on a network no yeah if it's a bunch of cassette tapes somebody's
ripping you off yeah we want to be the best known no one's getting the we want
nobody cutting into our nothing do you use patreon that's the we haven't
thought of that yet I keep saying as a running joke this is how good my podcast
is as a running joke I say paywall every week that funny or what it's just two
Jews but it's the hardest thing I've ever done why oh yeah because there's no
because there's no laughter is it you're doing it in studio well sometimes it's
the greatest thing sometimes but you know I'm sure you relate every week you
feel differently right yeah yeah I mean well this room feels very different I
find myself missing the intimacy the dryness of the sound at nerd melt I
missed that place every day it's like when you when you listen back to the
audio and when you're doing it like this is like unmistakable there's a
membrane between me and these people I can't look them look at them and I can't
there's something psychologically there's like a wall of jello this is
harder to feel the connection I mean I'm in serious love with many of these
people you're yes you owe serious money is there anybody no I'm sure in serious
love is there anybody here who has a father all right now look yeah because
there is that divide first not only divide there's like an area rug there's
a whole area version rug I do feel like maybe a burlesque performer should come
out and like like do a little seven veil dance and then yeah so I know what you
mean but I it is intimate though it is intimate for it well they're seated
intimately but I feel like we're talking into megaphones and I like that's what
these people own if I have to talk into a megaphone to get you people to get off
your asses about climate born warming is it warming like aren't theaters like
why was it so possible at meltdown to do to not have it like like we're in a
theater aren't theaters built to have no mics like shouldn't they be able to do
like a little a little play up here I mean yeah projection lower ceiling a
little hotter a little more raw yeah felt more intimate right the problem with
theaters I found no stage just from my experience is people expect the show and
then they come see me and I'm whinging I'm whining I'm sweating I'm complaining
I'm asking how much time is left and that's not what happens that's not what
happens when you go see fill in the name of a current play that would be funny
tap dogs right you want you want tits and feathers when you get footlights I
mean you want to smell the grease paint you want to you want to fucking like I
I'm not saying and I can do that that's from course line wrong reference well
give me a rent what oh rent yeah 75 hundred minutes in the second you turn
anything into fiddler on the roof you could do you could do Jesus Christ
Superstar and it would become a matchmaker matchmaker make me try not to
turn on to try not problems and upset you but D but D but D but D
you started to believe the things they say of you you really do believe this
talk of God is true it's hard to it's hard to watch that show for the first
time not spend the next six weeks like like like singing every you love it I
love everybody experiences the same thing when they see that show or you
love them for the first time it's amazing written by Jews right I don't
think Andrew dice Andrew dice right right there's no one with Lloyd in
their name and you look rubber that's it that's what it is and and the other guy
right good Edgar rice burrows yeah love that musical amazing incredible oh we're
gonna get copyrighted but do your version you can see one line right yeah I see
like a clock do you see a clock all the way back yeah there's one it's just hard
to read oh okay so then the next one would be I think only the young it's
hard to see I promise I think I'm doing a death of a salesman
Biff where are you from the movie with Matthew Modine
can't say can't leave the key okay you don't do beats I thought you had beats on
there you didn't make any I can't change them on the fly I just I prepared these
little garages percussion it's like there's two tracks well how much do you
want me to get done I get home from work at six o'clock I gotta come here I thought
maybe you would you know I thought maybe on my weekends you were at least coming
up a beat I'm not gonna do nothing on no weekend step aside step aside Casio
sound from the 70s Harmon's back yeah with doctor rhythm like effects no one
knows that reference either you know doctor remember mr. microphone
commercial tell me you remember something from my generation did you watch
f-troop I mean it's I did you remember Mikhail zavy or is it something that you
just heard about it's the latter I mean I've heard about them but we both know
Knight Rider that's past my time imagine if I was a 60 year old woman as
someone pointed out I don't even understand is that like is that a
backwards compliment or is it a prank it was an answer to your question in what
situation could bragging about burying your children possibly work and I was
like imagine you're a 60 year old woman and I was like trying to find a little
there where it's like you're still you're you're after you're you're maybe a
widow like you lost your first husband like a snowblower accident and like and
then there's this like like like like like fella the Sam Elliott fella down at
the other end he's got this he's got his little hat and then like the bartender
says that's from that fella and he's like hey just want you know better be
careful with me I'll live two of my children want to dance and then you'd
be like come on take me away to the honky-tonk dream I don't know why it
has to happen in rural America I guess it just doesn't seem like something
going to happen in Brooklyn like like hey I outlived my kids like that would be
sad that would be sad fucking kids are dead yeah like oh yeah kids are dying at
a higher rate than when we were kids congratulations let's go joke about in
the parking lot these kids today they and they'll know how I when I started
comedy what I had to do I had to walk 20 miles to get to the setup of a joke and
then the 20 miles to the punchline these kids today and they don't know with
the long hair in the rock and roll their house is in the village though they
will not see me stopping here to watch their woods fill up with snow David
Frost folks David Frost David Frost it's Robert Frost right yeah I knew I was
a one-off is this that's so many miles to go before you miss the poetry there
were two Robert Frost poems they made us memorize in high school that one was a
he the wall guy too something there is that doesn't love a wall that sends
frozen grounds well under it I think that's I think that's Frost it might
be what's his pants Samberg what grade what grade yeah 11 Jesus Christ what
how come I smoke a lot of pot I cannot remember anything I did not even go to
the 11th grade no really did you drop out I dropped out did you get your GED
later I did get my GED because I did not memorize poetry but we had to do it
in like sixth grade so I was wondering what kind of public school system you
had that's pretty legit man I didn't know that about you you're kind of you're
that's kind of gangster right yeah sure is you're a high school dropout you
know you wear these suits but you're you're you're legit watch out for 11
watch out for 11th grade dude all you have to do is leave you don't have to do
anything the shittiest part is I'd come by for lunch I'm still hungry my
brother didn't finish he didn't go but I don't know how did you know I don't roll
with him come on you're all fucking Harmon boys everybody knows about y'all
what what did he grow up to be I'm I have a doctorate in your brother your
brother that did not finish what did he grow up to be the butt of my jokes and
my podcast someone that refuses to talk to me father of a niece I'll never meet
okay so he's graduating from something father of a niece father of a niece I'll
never meet you got the electric streets rolling down here on your disco feet
father of a niece I'll never never meet guitar drums Robert Winslow
guitar drums Robert Winslow the worst Robert with it he would he would he
would he would sell farm if he saw that he'd be like Michael Winslow who's his
brother Robert Robert Robert Winslow he's the he's the most talented guy in
accounting Robert Winslow Robert come on do that thing yeah I know you know like
being associated with your famous brother Michael Winslow but come on it
you were all we're all sixty years old now just do do do your helicopter thing
by the copy machine you are how you are amazing
fanaticists you are you are an amazing oral artist a you are a yang i destroyed
in the family. He was the original midi. I don't know what I'm saying. Is that a thing midi?
You guys ever watch those ASMR videos on YouTube? Yeah, I'm opening up a wrap up. It's me, Tinky
Tina. I want to rub my fingernails on some pine cones later. I want you to know that I got a new
microphone. It's the ASMR 1000. You can hear here. A lot of you keep writing in and asking to hear
sucking and kissing sounds. This isn't about that. Wait, don't, oh, yeah. Don't you just, I just type
in ASMR kissing. I'm like, come on, let me like kiss my ear. What do you mean? Oh, I don't want to
see them all. But what? Oh, it's like these YouTube videos. It's like porn, but esoteric. But it's
like, but it also sort of like, that's right. But there's a little bit of a blur there where it's
like, I think that thinking about it as porn is part of the shtick is that it's not really, it's
like about relaxing and going to sleep. Like when people cuddle. When you hire somebody to come over
and cuddle is not really sexual. I'm gonna be doing some trigger words. Escalante. Frigidaire. They
just like, they do like weird words and like you, they have special microphones that, and you can
have special earphones that like trigger, like Cody says, she like, she, she, there's, there's,
there's some people say it's a thing you have, like, like, like you have a sense of,
you watch the video and then you have the thing. Well, or, but you can also like have it like a kind
of a condition, like, yeah, no, that's the thing. You don't, you don't get like normal people don't
respond. But the people who are sensitive to it, they have, they call them brain gas. So it's like,
they call them brain, what? Gassums. Gassums. Oh, yeah. There's different terms. But yeah, that was my
first pickup line. Would you like to have a brain gasm? Did he say brain gasm? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah.
It just was a weak joke then. I'm trying to think of why I don't get, after everything I say, people
are like passing out from laughter in the crowd. Yeah, no. Yeah, my condition is getting worse. I'm
worried about, I'm worried about being too happy. I don't know if that's a topic. Yeah, that's a topic. I
was driving home today and I was like, I'm pretty happy. That's good. What, what has changed for you
that's making you happy? Well, Rick and Morty started up and now we got to, like, and I work for, I go
into 10 and then I'm like, we're taught. And it's just like, everybody's like, come on, let's, let's do
this. And I'm like, well, what if we did three times as much and everyone's like, yeah, let's do it. And
it's like, just really a lot of fun talking about it. And then like five o'clock comes and it's like,
well, we did twice as much as we wanted to do. I'm going to go home. And then it's like, light out and
I'm going to drive in home and like my car is driving itself because I got a Tesla and it's like,
time out. Thank you. High five. Oh, no, come on. This is this is jealousy. This isn't like, yeah. I just let
it drive home today. Like it was like driving. And then I was like, did you take your hands off the
steering wheel? Yeah, I would never leave the house. How, how the fuck is it owning that car? It just
drives. But it doesn't, it doesn't like, it doesn't like turn and let, I mean, but it's cruise control.
It's like cruise control, but then it actually works. Yeah. Like it's not like a, you can't, it won't
like, take you home. Like, I won't like follow the GPS. You see you in a lane, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's
awesome. You can also tell it you want to change lanes and it'll change lanes better than you can
because it'll check the lanes. Unless there's a truck and it's dusk. Yeah, I don't know. Which I'm
not going to, I like, I guess that guy was like, it's funny how we coped with that. Like, I was like,
didn't it kill a guy? And they're like, yeah, but he was like watching the Lion King and like,
yeah, no, because they call it, they call it autopilot, which makes you think, oh, it's autopilot.
But it's not, it's cruise control. I don't know if this was the case when, when, when his tragedy
happened. But now the pedestrian thing, no, he just wasn't paying attention. There was a guy was
like, it was like the first auto drive death because he was like, and they, I don't know if this is
victim blaming about this part of his like the old lady with the coffee for McDonald's. I don't,
but they said there was, there was like Facebook video of the guy like asking for it, you know,
like, like, that the guy was like, hey, look at me, I'm not driving. Like, like, like, like, like,
makes me very happy. But I think that we as a society, we know that we tend to do that. Like,
like, we, we, if a lawn jar kills a baby, like we fucking, we figure out how to like blame the
baby, like we are a sick, sick, like, people. So I'm sure there's, I'm sure no human being desert.
But anyways, whatever. What made you, what made you finally bite the bullet and get a car?
I just, I just, I closed my Rick and Morty deal. I'm like, fuck you. I'm like, like, like, what's
the down payment? Like, give me the thing. And like, I don't know. Holy shit. You pick it out,
you build it? Or did you just pick what's on the lot? I just, no, I like, I picked, I, I, I leave
me, leave me, took care of it. And then I was like, leave me, leave you with text me. And he
go, like, pick a color. And then I was like, Moonstone River Brock. And then like, I just, I'm
sorry. This car is super fast because it's, there's no engine. So it's just gone. Yeah, the bottom
of it is a big battery. And then the hood has like, just a hole in it. Like, you can put like,
luggage in the front, because the bottom is a battery. And then
the guys are with the group, they know what they're doing over there. Yeah. You know what? Well, I
mean, he's had a couple of those things where the spaceship goes up and comes right down. No, he's
definitely, he's, he's, he's, he's lost steam. Like he was like, like, like now that he's like,
he made these submarines, you hear about these submarines, you've been off Twitter, Dan, you
hear about these submarines. It's very cool. It's how they got this. I don't know. They got eight
out. They start tomorrow back up to get the other four. There was these trapped cave kids, Dan. They
got trapped under water, like in an air pocket, and they sent their sending teams to rescue them.
And Elon Musk is like, what if we had these tiny submarines? But did he get them there? No, they
were still building them. No, he's currently still testing as far as I understand. He threw them off
schedule because they were waiting for the shipment of the tiny submarine. And they, and they missed
a chance. No, they, he, I think he was just like, as a thought exercise, just like, here's what would
work. But you know, I don't, he's not. You did the same in Puerto Rico. Say again? Oh, yeah. Did he
actually do anything? Just said he would do some stuff. Well, I think he did. Yeah. I think he did
a little in Puerto Rico. Like I think, I don't know how much it worked. Yeah. He wanted to use those
power walls, the Tesla power wall, right in Puerto Rico, see how they ran. And it didn't really,
uh, didn't take him. It wasn't a huge change. Meanwhile, how long can you be in a cave filled
with water? What's going on with these kids? Not that much longer. Not that much longer,
because a monsoon is coming. Right. It's bad. I mean, I have a million questions, but I guess
that's why it's a captivating story, because it's like a weird, like, it is unbelievable. The Chilean
miners, whenever they were starting. This, they're pumping water out of this cave,
fashion is coming in, they're bringing, uh, oxygen. What's part of the world? This is in Thailand,
where I spent my early years and, uh, I have no idea where anything is. I don't even know where,
I know where most things in LAR are. You're welcome. Uh, how are you, how are you with road rage?
Uh, is that kind of, what do you mean? Like, I don't see you being that good at it.
You mean where he would get angry, you think? Yeah, I'm not good at road rage. No,
no, but do you get road rage? No. No. Really? Well, I, I would, I assume everyone's mad at me
when I leave the house. Like, I'm always like, don't beat me up, like, like, like car wise. Like,
don't, like, I check my, I just, like, I, my fear of, like, being the reason someone honks is, like,
crippling. Because of the car you're driving? Is that what you were doing? No, just in general.
That's why I was happy to not drive for, what, six years? How long were you driving me around?
Yeah, around there. Like, I got, I got the divorce and, like, McGathey had been using my Prius and
I just saw, I was like, you know, she's like, yeah, take the Prius, you painted it lime green.
Like, like she, it was a beautiful, beautiful little, little buggy that was more hers than mine.
So, and then I was like, you take it, I'm gonna get a, I'm gonna get a fucking fancy car next.
Like, and then I was like, I can't afford a fancy car. I just got divorced and waited, like,
a long time. And then, so I was like, my next car is gonna be fancier than the last one I had,
and then just waited and waited and waited. What was my point? Why you got this one? Oh, yeah,
well, and I was like, but that whole time I was like, I don't really need to drive or want to,
because it's a little, like, I feel like I'm getting on the playground every time I get in a car.
Because you're not used to driving, and because you're just, just worry and just have a high anxiety
about disappointing people, like cutting people off and like, like again, being the reason someone
honks, it drives me crazy. Like if somebody, if I'm like, whoa, whoa, I almost hit you. And then
they're like, I guess I would, you know, when I was a kid, like a guy, I guess I cut a guy off,
and, and he, he flipped, he did that, and he like honked, and then he flipped me the finger,
and I was like, I'm sorry. And then he was just like, fuck you. And then he got in front of
me. And then I just followed him for 40 minutes. So like, yeah, he could sense him starting to get
increasingly terrified as the sun went down. Because he's like, wait a minute, I live in Cedarburg.
And I was like, so do I. Or can you never stop? Because I was like 20 years old. And I was like,
that guy, that's what went through my head is it was like, geez, that guy's so mean. I would never,
if somebody cut me off, I would, I would, I would like honk my horn, but I wouldn't like,
lay on it and then flip the guy off and mouth the words, fuck you, because for all that guy knows,
I could be a psycho. For all he knows, I could be a psycho. Oh, it was like, maybe I am a psycho.
What's the difference between a psycho and a normal person doesn't, if a normal person
lays on their horn and mouths, fuck you, in spite of clearly being unable to physically take you,
like, I'll just maybe a psycho is the guy that just patiently has nothing to do for the rest of his
day. And just wants to, and I remember the guy, the guy came to a stop sign and there was a car
between us. He had managed to like get one car between us on this like county highway. And he
came to a stop sign and my biggest victory is he fucking peeled out, ran the stop sign and like
almost got hit by another car as he like, spent away. And I was like, I was like, still, I'm still
behind you. And he just like, he just kept going off into the fucking country. He was headed for
Canada. And I was so proud of myself. I just eventually like, I waited for him to get over a
hill. And then I was like, slowed down. And then I was like, like, went away. And I was like,
I fucking did something right today. Sounds like yes. Yes. Yes. You had an experience. Because
that guy, that guy that next time he gets road rage, like, I accept that I did something wrong.
I cut it. I fucked up behind the wheel of a car. Like I made a mistake that was just courteous to
him. I didn't check. I didn't see him or something. I did something wrong. But you know, like also,
though, the reason I did it wrong is probably because I didn't have my full brain. It's like,
the time he spent like turning his head 90 degrees and yelling fuck you and all this stuff is like,
so you're not exactly worshipful of the safety of the roads yourself. Like, when the mood takes
you, you'll pay attention to all manner of things. Like, you're driving into oncoming traffic so that
you can flip me off like you're the Dukes of hazard. So I did the right thing that day. I
changed a man, I think. I taught a man to fish instead of giving him a fish, you know, like I,
he's gonna, he's gonna, he's gonna handle his, his altercations on the highway differently. I
probably saved a kid's life. You, you are a hero. We'll never know. When I think of heroes, I think
of you. I have, have I mentioned I have OCD because the worst thing about OCD, and I didn't know this
when I first got OCD. But if you look it up as one of the main symptoms, you think you may have
hit somebody in your car. And then you have to, exactly. That's the same as alcoholism.
Same symptom. I have that. Yeah, every morning. But that's the other thing is that now that you
drive, has that changed that part of your life? We're fine. This guy's making submarines that
can rescue kids from caves. You don't think he's got my back?
What will you remedy since you're so happy? What's the remedy?
It usually is destruction. Like, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Or will you write it? I just
noticed that I think that, well, my goal is to not self-destruct. Like, that's why my therapist,
like, she's like, just put it, just don't fuck the fuck, you know, like don't, like guys like you,
she said, you know, huh, those will be interesting. Like, guys like you, you, you, half of you,
on average, like, you go and be happy. And then the other half of you, like, put on some slippers
and drink yourself to death. She was like, well, let's see what happens. Jesus. And is it, is this
based on how much she's getting paid? I don't know. She, I think she knows, like, what pushes my
buttons. She knows that that's gonna make me go, I'll show you. Yeah. That's why she said slippers.
She was kind of enticing you. Didn't she say slippers? I know. Well, that's what hit home is
like, because I would have, I would have, if she hadn't said that, then I would have thought, oh,
I'm not going to be this. Who's this other guy? Yeah, like, but the slippers drove it home. I was
like, Oh, is that guy thinks he's nailing it? Yeah. That guy like is like, Oh, I'm wearing slippers.
I fucking did it. I'm Joe Walsh in the life of illusion. And I like, I'm fucking like, you know,
is that the Eagles, Joe Walsh? Yeah, yeah. Oh, okay. Because, because all of a sudden I thought
about that other horrible Joe Walsh. Yeah, life's been good to me so far. Like Joe Walsh was like,
wait, what's that? What's that song? Like life's been good to me so far. My Maserati does 185.
I lost my life since then. Now I don't drive. Yeah.
Look, I didn't come here tonight telling you I was knocking out with my voice.
All right. My voice is raspy. It's not a bit.
What are you doing? That's Ron Stewart. How many courts have come if you had to drink tonight?
You know, that's the thing. I, the only reason I know that I've tried Seaman is because I,
I tried a kumbak. I was gonna make a kumbaka joke. Seaman, I don't know. Have I had Seaman?
I've had some of the kumbucha. How do you pronounce it? It's the most horrible thing I've
ever heard of. You take it, it's all, it's ruined. It's already fermented. They go, yeah.
It's garbage. That's good. You know it's terrible, right? It's garbage. You know, it's okay. It's,
if it's the only thing on the menu. It's, that means that the food's gone bad.
I, I, I get it. These kids, they gotta, they don't, they, they come into a world where we tell
them there's two flavors of corn syrup and then they, they had to do something to rebel.
They, they couldn't just be like, we'll have water. Like they had to like figure out new
things to do with fruit. It's all, it's all we left them. Like there's only, there's only so many
ways to be hip when you come into the fucking Orwell's like THX 1138 fucking Coke and Pepsi,
Chrome Hallways with interspace vending machines with two kinds of drink owned by one company.
They're like, oh, I think I'll be a foodie. Whoa. You're making me see through the game.
You know, the vending machines are getting really good. Is that true? I, they have apps now. You
don't have to deal with the gross money. Have you been to Horn and Heart Arts? No. I just want to
put on the oldest person in the room. It's an automatic. Famous automatic in the 50s. What's an
automatic? Money in and like a, you put money in a sandwich comes out. It's a store of vending
machines. Oh, it's just a store full of vending machines. It's a plastic, it's a plastic construction
of a, of a structure that has little holes and you put money in it and like, oh, there's a little
soup for you. And then, and then. Yeah. How about a glass of tomatoes? Horn and heart arts.
Yes. Why don't you people meet more old people who can't let it go, the old references and you
learn something. So wait, is there a guy on the other side? Yeah. There's like a cafeteria on the
other side and then they're like, oh, let's put in a new bowl in this window. But you're not supposed
to be, yeah, like waving at that guy. No, no, you don't see it. You're supposed to be living in the
magic of, I can't believe it. Is this what they do? They do an Ikea too, sort of, right? Do you put
your money in a slot? They do it in other countries. It's like a big, yeah, you walk by a wall or a
drawer. Yeah, a slot, I think. Yeah. It's a vending machine. So each little window is equipped with
like an electronic. Oh, no. Maybe there's one on the side you put it in, like a regular vending
machine. My memory of it is that you would put the money in an individual, sit him down,
cubicle, sit him down, let him go. Get the table out of the way. Get the table out of the way.
All right. All right. All right. Somebody, somebody had orange juice.
I can't believe it. It's in the song. It's in a song from the hit show, Hair, Born in Hardarch.
Do you know that I went to see Hair? This is how old I am. Let's let it all hang out. I was 12 years
old, 1968. And when I went to see Hair, and I was wearing a double breasted jacket with a medallion
on. And it was the original Broadway cast. And we got separated from the group and got mugged,
my friend and I. And when I say mugged, I don't mean beaten up. I mean held up with knives and guns.
You're kidding me. Yeah. So coming out of Hair. We came out of Hair and me and Jeff Stein,
we started walking and you're like, we don't even need our school. Let's be alone in New York.
I've realized the therapy now. It was really their responsibility. You've forgiven yourself.
You were blaming yourself for your mugging at 12. I blame myself every time I think of it.
I feel ashamed until I realize, no, no Andy, you're 12 years old. If the junior high class
goes into Manhattan, someone should be watching out. Right. Just to make sure you don't turn into
Batman. Were you able to replace this medallion? I couldn't be mixing up two stories because
my sixth grade, my sixth grade, the only problem I ever went to was in sixth grade. We did, we,
when I graduated from high school, it was cool to not do anything fun. We were like, yeah. Oh,
those assholes went to the prom, huh? Losers. But my sixth grade prom, I wore a turtleneck.
I wore a double breasted suit. I wore a gold medallion. Were you a grape juice all over my
life? What was the medallion for? The stupidest things. Were you a pimp?
Did you say were you a pimp? Yeah. I'm 12 years old, trying to get tickets to head.
I love your austere pimp. He's got one gold medallion just for pimping.
I'm a state champion pimping. Hey, yeah. You surprised me. You got bugged with that kind
of attitude. Hey, I put my energy into the actual pimping. Thank you. I'm not ostentatious about
it. I, I wear one of these at a time. I have several. I've taken regionals many years in a row.
Look, the money don't care where the bitches come from.
I got a gold medallion for pimping. I wish I had even one medallion
sitting like that. This medallion, I'm so sorry. I'm obsessed with it. No, I mean, too. It's fine.
It's 1968. Think of maybe one of your grandparents were hippies. It was 1968 and they had these
things like medallions. Was it pin? Is it pin? No, it's like a pendant. It's like a gold medallion.
With a red, white, and blue ribbon? No, no. Everything was gold. Everything was gold.
Was it also? It was like, oh, you had a silver medal in the fourth grade Olympics. I had my
silver medal. That was cool. Gold was out. Silver was in, usually for losing.
Was it, so big, little? It was big. Was it real gold? So cute. So real gold?
Adorable. What's that? Real gold? No. Okay. That would be terrible. Andy, we gave you that
actual real gold medallion for your trip with our grand, your grandmother. My parents
would talk like that. Your grandmother gave it to us from the old country. Your parents were
Joan Collins. Yes. Transylvania. Did these thieves take the medallion? No, but I'll tell you what
happened, though. They said, give me your money. Give me your money. Give me your money with this
kind of emotion. And keep the medallion. A typical New York story. We ran into a store to get away
from them. A bodega. And the guy said, can we use your phone? No. Seriously, get the hell out.
We go back out. Then another guy comes up. He's got a knife. He goes, I'll protect you from these
guys. What in the hell? I'll protect you from these guys. I'll protect you from these guys.
You're joking. So he's going like, I'm not kidding. He's going like this. Going like this.
Was he a dancer? We went to another hotel. Another hotel. You said another hotel.
The Hotel Dixie. You are a 12 year old with a turtleneck, a medallion, and you head into a
hotel. No, no, no. That's not a hotel. He was a pimp. He was a pimp. You were a pimp. It was 42nd
and 8th. 42nd and 8th. It was near the Hotel Dixie. These facts were in my mind. And the moral
of the story was that I was so scared to call my parents. I literally would have died if my friend
Jeff didn't call his parents because I didn't want to tell them that I got into this predicament.
And they never found out. What were you afraid your parents reaction would be?
Nice going, Schmuck. Maybe we'll outlive you.
Exactly. How can you not, what kind of parent would do, they would. You know what? I'm going to
come down there and stab you myself. You're not meant to live going around getting almost stabbed.
Because how could you have lost your way? How could you lose your way with the other way?
It's your fault. There's a red carpet leading you to the exit. There's a lobby full of people.
Yeah. Follow the people. Don't follow the no people. You get stabbed that way. You schmendrick.
Nice going. What's a schmendrick? It's like a schmuck, but it's more horizontal.
A schmendrick is a guy. All the Jewish ones. It's the schmucks and schmendricks are the
longitude and latitude. They used to say a schlamisle. Someone knows this. The schlamisle does what?
They're doing Laverne and Shirley. One of the guys gets the soup spilled on them and the other
guy spills the soup. I'll be back with the worst panel stories of all time. Next question. Yes,
Mr. Kindler. I am a proud serviceman in our United States Naval Academy. What is the difference
between a schlamisle and a schlamisle? Schlamisle and a schlamisle. Also, is your show planning
on including any characters that are proud to serve in your country's military? Thank you very much.
Schmuck is a schmuck, but so is putz. It's a lot of words for penis. Deal with it, people.
Yeah, it's blue material. They can't deal with it, right? It's a schmendrick. It's like,
well, whatever. I already asked an answer. It sounds like there's a little bit of a
mensch in a schmendrick. He's not a schmuck, but he means well. So he's a schmendrick.
That could be right. I'm just going by phonetics. But there's a schnorer.
A schnorer? That's the guy who lights the middle candle on Hanukkah. No, he's the guy who
always leaves his pot at home and you want your pot. These examples they gave you to learn these
words. So he's the guy that makes a golem to attack your sister's wedding. Oh, gotcha.
I'll remember that. Good mnemonic device from the fucking Sumeria.
Hey, it wasn't easy growing up Ashkenazic, my friends.
You know what a schlamuzel is. He's the guy, you got 10 pots of clay. You're trying to make a roof.
The guy brings a stick. You know what I'm saying? He's a schmulul.
Got it. Got it. Okay. He's a real Gilgamesh. You know what I'm saying? He's the oldest recorded
kind of person. What a punnum. What a punnum on you. What a punnum. What a punnum. That would
be his face. We did, we did 23's could do our whole way through a whole show. We don't have to do
shit at this point. Oh, we nailed it, right? We don't have a more workout song to go out on. Oh,
we do. Always close with the song. We don't have any MC gun control. We don't have any. When I was in
the Yiddish theater, and we didn't have, they say, what's wrong? I'd say, you're speaking Yiddish,
you idiots. That's why they died. MC gun control, gun control. Sorry. Sorry. MC gun control. I got
confused about my name. I feel like my name should be MC gun awareness. Save it for the verse. Let's
get a beat. It's me, MC gun control. Yo, yo, yo, MC gun control. Click, click, clack, clack, bang,
bang. What's up with that? Guns all around. Are you aware of them? They're dangerous, motherfucker.
Yeah. Guns. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. MC gun control. Guns are my fame. Awareness
of guns and control. I got to roll guns. The AK-47 is the most devastating weapon in the known
universe. Gun control. The joke is, once again, you don't know what side I'm on.
You're reaching for acceptance. At this point, the joke has become, I explain the joke.
Yes. Deconstruction. Do the joke, so I...
There's nothing better than deconstruction with a backbeat.
Yeah. But, you know, you're not alone in liking MC gun control. I like them, too. I want them back
as well, but I never know... I don't want to hear about the name change. We like where it stands.
I was thinking about, can you cut the beat so I could just talk one-on-one with my friend here?
Yeah. I was thinking about changing my name to MC gun awareness.
It doesn't really flow. I know it's like hindsight's 20-20 comedically, but I feel like if it wasn't
improvised, I would have written the bit as MC gun awareness. It's very hard. So it's more like the
it's pat of gun control. The explanation doesn't seem sincere with the effect.
I know humor should come from a organic place. I shouldn't question it, but I have a part of me.
Maybe it's the part of me that loves guns. I have a part of me that wants to perfect my bits,
you know? Like, if I'm a part of a bit, I want to be comedically, like, pristine, geometric.
Golden ratio. Oh, I get it. I see where the irony pivot is. That's... Oh, you can't tell. MC gun
awareness. I get it. What does he want? He wants us to be aware of guns. Why?
But I'm not supposed to... Kiss isn't supposed to get the joke, as they say.
They say... What did they say about guns?
That was actually an anecdote, Rob. When I started using this guy, Stuart Corenfeld, that works for
Ben Stiller. He worked for... Oh, yeah.
He worked for Cronenberg before that, and he had this anecdote that when you're... Back in the
90s, when we were still discovering things, like, being John Malkovich was being written, and we
were doing our Ron Silver bit in Heat Vision and Jack, like, Meadow was still being constructed,
and there was... So, there were often a lot of conversations with, like, producers about, like,
well, what is it? Are you saying it's bad on purpose? Are we gonna... Yeah.
And there were a lot of these conversations, and then, like, you're talking about tone a lot with,
with, like, meta-comedy, and then Stuart Corenfeld would say, Kiss doesn't get the joke.
And that... I think he had an anecdote about Gene Simmons, like, looking at a reunion poster that
someone had drawn up for a Kiss, like, reunion show in the 90s, and it was, like, kind of like...
Whatever the graphic designer had, like, gone, like, full bore with it, and I guess it, like,
like, maybe made it, like, funny? Like, yeah. And, like, well, it doesn't really matter what they did,
but, like, Gene Simmons' response was, no, man, Kiss doesn't get the joke. And, like, I was like,
and I was like, ah, now we have a shorthand for... No, no, Jack Black shouldn't be, like,
winking at the camera when he, he, he, he should be, he should be, he should believe that he's,
he should be acting his heart out in this, like, silly thing, like, like, he should try.
Another, but another story that adds to the legend of the genius of Gene Simmons, huh?
I know, it's like, you don't want, you don't, do you ever hear that Terry Gross interview with him?
Oh, I want to, I want to. It's the most uncomfortable fucking shit. Like, if you want to be,
to take your, take your poison, put, put, put two of these bullets in a, in a revolver, like,
either the Garry Shandling, Ricky Gervais interview that we talked a little bit about,
Grace, or the Gene Simmons, Terry Gross, uh, uh, fucking incredible. Like, like, I, that guy,
wow. That's all I can think of now. That guy needs a gun. Yeah! Like, I need a hole in the head.
America needs a gun. Like, it needs a hole in the head. The only thing that stops a hole in the head
is a good person with a hole in their head. The only person that stops a bad person. The only way
to fill up the hole in the head of a good person is with this equally sized chunk from the head of
a bad person whose head was, had it blown, a hole blown in it by a good person. Hopefully the same
good person said that the shit doesn't chain react outward. We don't get what's called a good bad
China syndrome of weapon efficacy. Efficacy? Efficacy. I love that word. Efficacy. Efficacy.
Efficacy! Efficacy! Efficacy! Efficacy! Efficacy! All right. Uh, like, uh, be aware of guns.
They're devastating weapons. Um, they can kill so many people.
MC gun. Awareness. No! MC gun control. But how, how could, how could MC gun control ever be,
why would he name himself that if he loved guns? Maybe he spells control with the car. Oh, with a
K and like a trigger. Okay. All right. Okay. All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you.
Hey, did you drop out of 11th grade? I like you.
Yeah. MC gun control is rising up. This is the end of my gun gun show. MC gun control.
MC gun control. You've got to rock and roll with guns or their control.
It's not quite auto tune. We couldn't afford that.
But it's a different voice and it sounds neat. MC gun control. Get up on your feet to the beat
of gun control. Ground, ground control to MC gun control. Oh, gun control.
I'm very pleased with myself now.
Guns are dangerous. You could wipe out a lot of people with them.
Tonight's night. Control. Everything's going to be all right. Gun control.
How many people like Seaman are in the house? MC gun control. It's me, your father, John control.
Come home and mow the lawn. I don't want to. You're grounded. No. I hate regulation.
Unilaterally. Don't pin me down.
Just get home and mow the lawn. I'm not going to ask you twice. I'm going to fuck you up
with my fist. Real nice. Dad, you wasted the beat dropping so bad.
That was the least worthy performance of a breakdown ever.
It's late September and I really should be back at school. You heard, you heard that guy.
All right. I love my dad.
What? Very abrupt. Very abrupt change.
I love you too, son.
It made me cry when that boating accident claimed the life of your brother. I know.
I tried to kill myself. Don't do it.
MC gun control. It has no self-control. I got to start to go.
Just start a blog. Okay.
All right. Let's, we'll just end our show there.
Yeah. Let's just end our show. Ladies and gentlemen, that is the end.
What? Of Harmontown, I think. Let's thank Andy Kindler for coming out.
Yeah. Yes, it is. Great job, Andy.
Thanks, Andy. What a talent. Let's all wish Jeff Davis. We wish you a speedy recovery, Jeff Davis.
We miss you so much. I wore your favorite colors.
Spencer Crittenden. Thanks for Game Mastering. Brandon Johnson, of course.
Exactly. Keeper in the booth. Kris Borufff in the booth.
I knew it's friend Brian in the booth. Thanks so much for listening. Good night.
Did you get any of that? It's a good show.